README.md, before:

# Lecture 1: Course Introduction

This lecture provides an overview of the course, guides you through setting up Visual Studio Code, and demonstrates the proper way to retrieve lecture materials from Github. 

The following software MUST be installed for the first course:

- A GitHub account with an SSH key configured is essential. You must follow along, and I can't stress enough how important it is to have a GitHub account with an SSH key set up.
- Visual Studio Code.

# Lecture 2: Code Blocks

This lecture provides an overview of the course, guides you through setting up Visual Studio Code, and demonstrates the proper way to retrieve lecture materials from Github.

The following software MUST be installed for this lecture:

- A GitHub account with an SSH key configured is essential. You must follow along, and I can't stress enough how important it is to have a GitHub account with an SSH key set up.
- Visual Studio Code.

# Reading Material

The reading material covers basic types, selections, and iterations.

# my_settings_file

This folder contains my custom `settings.json` file. Students can freely reuse this file if needed.

Commit message:

Added my custom .vscode files

README.md, after:

# Lecture 1: Course Introduction

This lecture provides an overview of the course, guides you through setting up Visual Studio Code, and demonstrates the proper way to retrieve lecture materials from Github. 

The following software MUST be installed for the first course:

- A GitHub account with an SSH key configured is essential. You must follow along, and I can't stress enough how important it is to have a GitHub account with an SSH key set up.
- Visual Studio Code.

# Lecture 2: Code Blocks

This lecture provides an overview of the course, guides you through setting up Visual Studio Code, and demonstrates the proper way to retrieve lecture materials from Github.

The following software MUST be installed for this lecture:

- A GitHub account with an SSH key configured is essential. You must follow along, and I can't stress enough how important it is to have a GitHub account with an SSH key set up.
- Visual Studio Code.

# Reading Material

The reading material covers basic types, selections, and iterations.

# my_vscode_files

This folder contains my custom `.vscode` files. Students are free to reuse them.
